[SRVCOM-1831] Serverless functions: update abstracts format (#46660)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-functions-secrets-configmaps-interactively.adoc

[id="serverless-functions-secrets-configmaps-interactively_{context}"]
= Modifying function access to secrets and config maps interactively

> You can manage the secrets and config maps accessed by your function by using the `kn func config` interactive utility. The utility helps you by guiding you through the steps sequentually presenting the available options until you fully specify the necessary operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage the secrets and config maps accessed by your function by using the `kn func config` interactive utility. The utility helps you by guiding you through the steps sequentially, presenting the available options until you fully specify the necessary operation.
```

Reviewer 2: Agree w/Tami but also: 
```suggestion
You can manage the secrets and config maps accessed by your function by using the `kn func config` interactive utility. The utility guides you through the steps sequentially, presenting the available options until you fully specify the necessary operation.
```
